Scatter estimation script (#50)
UCL/STIR-GATE-Connection: VoxelisedSimulation/SubScripts/README.md

=======
* `EstimateGATESTIRNorm.sh`: Creates normalisation correction sinogram from GATE measured data and STIR model data.<br />
   *Warning:* You will need to make sure that the projector that you use during reconstruction matches the one used for the estimation of the norm factors. See `forward_projector_proj_matrix_ray_tracing.par`.

> * `EstimateScatter.sh`: Estimates the scatter estimate and the multfactors using STIR utilities. This script does not by default save the scatter estimate but will output the total addative sinogram (normalised).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `EstimateScatter.sh`: Estimates the scatter estimate and the multfactors using STIR utilities. This script does not by default save the scatter estimate but will output the total additive sinogram (for use in STIR reconstructions).
```
